Index profiling tutorial

#########################

Files needed (must be named as follows!):

- refseq_guide.txt (file in tab-delimited format: contains reference sequence name, 
	corresponding n20 (guide RNA), the nucleotide sequence of the refseq and the PAM);
- aligned_S*.txt (generic SAM format file of the aligned S reads, as generated by 
	running bwa alignment > *.sam).

#########################

Basic how-to:

- Clone or fork the `indel_profiling` repo;
- Open a terminal window / python shell;
- Run `python mk_cigars.py`:
	This command will generate a refseq_guide_cigars_S*.txt file. It contains hyphen-delimited entries (seqname-cigar).
	The cigars come from the generated sam file of the alignment of reads to their 
	reference sequences and can be found in the aligned_S* file too. 
	This is essentially a compacted version of the sam file, made to only have 
	refseq name and cigar for ease of parsing).
- Run `python parse_cigars.py`:
	This will generate intermediate files for each reference sequence 
	(tally_refseq_guide_cigars_S*_refseq.txt) - these files are essentially the same
	as the refseq_guide_cigars_S*.txt files, but with two extra tab delimited columns:
	the first one indicates the position(s) of the indel, and the second column 
	indicates the frequency (or tally) of this event. Insertions and deletions follow
	a different nomenclature - for insertions, the column indicating positions is made
	up of 2 elements: the positions between which the insertion has occurred in the read
	with respect to the reference sequence (eg. 45-46), and the length of the 
	insertion, in parenthesis - eg. (2). 
	For deletions, the column indicating positions is a comma delimited list of positions
	that have been deleted in the read, with respect to the reference sequence (found in
	the refseq_guide file).
	Another file is generated per S* file (tagged+ranges_ch_range_refseq_guide_cigars_S*.txt), 
	which is also in tab delimited format. It allows a general view of the events having 
	occurred in the samfile, as identified by the `parse_cigars.py` script. Indel events
	occurring in a range [cutsite - 8, cutsite +12] are identified as of interest and
	detailed further with their corresponding positions and event. 
- Run `filter_tallies.py`:
	This will generate further files per reference sequence 
	(tally_w_del_seq_fset_guide_cigars_S*_refseq.txt). This file is essentially the same 
	as the tally_refseq_guide_cigars_S*_refseq.txt file, but with an extra tab delimited
	column, which allows for the identification of the nucleotides inserted to, or 
	deleted from the read, with respect to the refseq. Here too, insertion events 
	have their nucleotide sequence as a string of nucleotides, which deletion events
	have the same sequence but with a comma at the end. 
	Another file is generated by the script (tally_all_seqs_S*.txt). This tab 
	delimited format file details the reference sequences found in the aligned_S* file,
	along with the called indel events; the total events (reads) corresponding to the
	specific reference sequence; and the percent of total events deemed to be indels. 
	
	
